In essence, a male submissive. In practice, detailed below.

I am looking for someone to share experiences with. Someone that shares many of the same kinks that I have, those are detailed below.

I am looking for someone that desires a rugged, masculine, older dominant. I’d like baseline of someone that is attracted to me as I stand in addition to what I can do and how I can make them feel.

I am looking for someone that wants daily communication, discipline, emotional support and wishes to serve with minimal bratting. If you don’t yearn to submit to someone that has built trust and earned your respect then you should find a brat tamer that is more interested in bending you to their will, that’s not something I enjoy or have any skill or positive experience with.

I am looking for a man that is straight-ish. If you are out and proud, I support you, I’m happy for you, I wish you the best but I am searching for someone who is conflicted and feels shame but cannot deny their true nature, but who doesn’t show the world that side of them.

I am looking for someone to engage in humiliation play with. If you aren’t aroused by degradation and being emasculated then we aren’t a good fit. If you are curious and willing to learn I believe this can be taught.

I am looking for someone to feminize. This ties into the humiliation, I will task my submissive with grooming and dressing themselves in feminine ways, doing very feminine things, following rules and rituals that reinforce the feminine qualities of my sub. Chasity isn’t required but if you’re looking for a key holder, I would absolutely be honored.

I am looking for someone to exact a great amount of pain on. I enjoy spanking, flogging, whipping, caning, waxing, clamps, etc. I have never gotten to any sort of play that breaks the skin, it is not a hard limit for me but I am hesitant to charge into something without knowledge or guidance, especially when breaking the skin and certain sterilization practice are needed.

I am looking for a patient and will rope bottom, I have limited experience, some resources and would really like to practice on someone with rope besides the dining room table. Binding only, no suspension.

I am looking for someone to stretch, violate and invade. If you have never had an anal orgasm or sissygasm, I’d love to try and cross that bridge with you. It is a compatibility issue if your butt is not on the table, I am looking for someone to breed, I have my own strap-on to keep things interesting and if a fist can be accommodated I would happily do so.

I am looking for someone that is honest and trustworthy. I am looking for a fluid sharing partner, you will consume mine and I yours. If you are averse to being tested, I’m sorry that is a hard limit and I hope you can work past that for your own safety. If you find yourself in a situation where you are exposed to a possible (not likely, not suspected, possible, basically any sexual activity with anyone other than myself) infection, then restricted activities pending a clear test would be needed. I would be intent on affording you the same courtesy.

I am married with children and that is non-negotiable. I am not interested in leaving my wife or breaking up my family. I have experience with Polyamory and have been reading some literature to improve my take on things and how I conduct myself better in the future. I will be realistic about my time that can be devoted to you, a co-habitation situation is so unlikely I would say it’s off the table. Daily messaging, is realistic. 2-3 voice calls per week is realistic. Vanilla meet-ups once every week isn’t out of the question but would be on the high end. Scenes, sessions and overnights are going to be limited to 1-3 per month unfortunately my other obligations to my job and family prohibit much more than that under normal circumstances.

Personal growth and goal support is part of the dynamic for me, those specific goals are going to depend on the submissive and their situation.

I am sober. I have recently stopped using THC for personal reasons I can go into later, I do not object to you using THC, even eventually during sessions if consent is negotiated and familiarity has been established. I haven’t drank for 6+ months, again voluntarily and for reasons that are a topic for discussion at another time. If you choose to drink, I don’t mind it, I don’t mind if it is around me, but I don’t think it’s a worthy addition to any scene and I would say it’s a soft limit to play with a sub that has been drinking.

I have a 90-day intimacy clause. I will adhere to this even if I do not want to. I will not be physically sexual with any person that I have not been talking to for less than 90 days. It gives us a good chance to get to know each other, figure out if we actually like each other and aren’t just lusty and impulsive. It allows time to soften the intensity of new relationship energy, which is just as fun and exciting as it is problematic. It allows time to negotiate boundaries, consent, safety requirements, etc. it’s a good time to get tested. This does not apply to establishing a dynamic, however, starting off with honorifics right out of the gate seems very premature. Allow me to determine if I want to be your daddy before you start calling me “Daddy”.  This does not apply to photos, saucy messages, or public non-sexual meetings. 

I do not identify as a switch. I have before, it was a good learning experience, but it is not an element that I want to be part of any dynamic that I have. If you feel switchy or want to explore that side of yourself, by all means do, but I’m not as flexible as I thought and maintaining this headspace and demeanor is more important to me than the hedonistic joys of submission.

My domination style is very much that of a pleasure-Dom and caregiver-Dom, I am working on being a lot firmer, crueler and more focused on pain and sensation than pleasure. Honestly that firmer style would be the foot I’d like to lead with in scenes and play sessions, with a much more compassionate and parental approach for aftercare and daily back and forth.

As mentioned previously, I am married. Being in a dynamic with me absolutely does not include being in a dynamic with my wife, it almost excludes it entirely. I am looking for someone that is interested in submitting to me, anything else should be very carefully negotiated After a dynamic is well established. We do however have an open phone policy and any private channels of communication would need to be specifically defined, until then she can read any communications if she chooses.

At some point, I said that I would list my kinks. I think it probably be better to list my fetishes on my profile instead. Even that is not a concrete or complete list of things that excite arouse me. Things I would like to learn about and do more of our almost limitless. At present, I am practicing some rope work on inanimate objects and researching consensual nonconsent scenes starting with aftercare and working backwards towards negotiations.

This is an awful lot without mentioning that I am not looking for a purely physical relationship. I would like a romantic element, I do hope that it would be based on some natural chemistry and not need to be forced.

Age is a number that doesn’t mean a lot to me, but life experience is something else. I won’t put a firm range but ideal candidates would be in their early 30’s or maybe later 20’s.

And at this point, I think it would benefit everyone involved to have a TLDR: Daddy Dom looking for male submissive for relationship & occasional play, non-negotiables are talking extensively before intimacy, humiliation, impact play, anal and oral sex, STI screening and romantic entanglement.
